Clarify and correct initialization content re: Docker (#2229)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/reference/backend.md

## Initialization

> For a **new** installation, you can set administrator credentials with environment variables to override the default admin username (`admin`) and password (`P@ssw0rd!`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a **new** installation, the backend database must be initialized by providing a username and password to be granted administrative privileges. Although initialization is required for every new installation, the implementation differs depending on your method of installation:
```

> - If you are using Docker, you can set admin credentials during installation step [2. Configure and start][24].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using Docker, you can use environment variables to override the default admin username (`admin`) and password (`P@ssw0rd!`) during installation step [2. Configure and start][24].
```

> - If you are using Ubuntu/Debian or RHEL/CentOS, you can set admin credentials during installation step [3. Initialization][25].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using Ubuntu/Debian or RHEL/CentOS, you must specify admin credentials during installation step [3. Initialization][25]. Sensu does not apply a default admin username or password for Ubuntu/Debian or RHEL/CentoOS installations.
```

This step bootstraps the first admin user account for your Sensu installation.
This account will be granted the cluster admin role.

> If you do not include the environment variables to set administrator credentials, the backend will initialize with the default admin credentials (username `admin` and password `P@ssw0rd!`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
